docs: additional description to download different versions of APISIX (#6508)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/how-to-build.md

# Will install the latest apisix package
sudo yum install apisix

> # Will install the specified version 2.10.3 apisix package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Will install a specified version (2.10.3 in this example) apisix package
```

> sudo yum install apisix-x.xx.x-0.el7

Reviewer 2: It is better to use a specific version instead of  apisix-x.xx.x-0.el7
